https://careers.tiktok.com/position/7286637334349990201/detail?spread=5MWH5CQ

About the job
Responsibilities

 TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.

Why Join Us
Creation is the core of TikTok's purpose. Our platform is built to help imaginations thrive. This is doubly true of the teams that make TikTok possible. 
Together, we inspire creativity and bring joy - a mission we all believe in and aim towards achieving every day. 
To us, every challenge, no matter how difficult, is an opportunity; to learn, to innovate, and to grow as one team. Status quo? Never. Courage? Always. 
At TikTok, we create together and grow together. That's how we drive impact - for ourselves, our company, and the communities we serve. 
Join us.

About the Team
Recommendation algorithm team plays a central role in the company, driving critical product decisions and platform growth. The team is made up of machine learning researchers and engineers, who support and innovate on production recommendation models and drive product impact. The team is dynamic, fast-pacing, collaborative and impact-driven.

Responsibilities - What You'II Do
- Build industry-leading recommendation system, improving user experience, content ecosystem and platform security;
- Deliver end-to-end machine learning solution to address critical product challenges;
- Own the full stack machine learning system and optimize algorithms and infrastructure to improve recommendation performance.
- Work with cross functional teams to design product strategies and build solutions to grow TikTok in important markets. 

Qualifications

 - Bachelor degree or above in computer science or a related major, with 2+ years of related work experience;
- Strong software development experience with C++, Python or other programming language;
- Experience in one or more of the following areas: applied machine learning, machine learning infrastructure, large-scale recommendation system, market-facing machine learning product;
- Strong communication and teamwork skills;
- Passion about techniques and solving challenging problems.

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at gprd.accommodations@tiktok.com. 

Job Information:

【For Pay Transparency】Compensation Description (annually) 
The base salary range for this position in the selected city is $145000 - $250000 annually.​
Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, and restricted stock units.​
Our company benefits are designed to convey company culture and values, to create an efficient and inspiring work environment, and to support our employees to give their best in both work and life. We offer the following benefits to eligible employees: ​
We cover 100% premium coverage for employee medical insurance, approximately 75% premium coverage for dependents and offer a Health Savings Account(HSA) with a company match. As well as Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability, Basic Life, Voluntary Life and AD&D insurance plans. In addition to Flexible Spending Account(FSA) Options like Health Care, Limited Purpose and Dependent Care. ​
Our time off and leave plans are: 10 paid holidays per year plus 17 days of Paid Personal Time Off (PPTO) (prorated upon hire and increased by tenure) and 10 paid sick days per year as well as 12 weeks of paid Parental leave and 8 weeks of paid Supplemental Disability. ​
We also provide generous benefits like mental and emotional health benefits through our EAP and Lyra. A 401K company match, gym and cellphone service reimbursements. The Company reserves the right to modify or change these benefits programs at any time, with or without notice.​
Posted on Oct 6, 2023.