About the job
Want to learn more about this role and Jobot? Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page!

Job details

ML Ops with Research Background

This Jobot Job is hosted by Denis Mikush

Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume.

Salary $140,000 - $180,000 per year

A Bit About Us

Ideal candidates will have a

strong background in data science and machine learning, a track record of building

software products from scratch, and extensive experience in modern software

development –– particularly in startup environments. If you’re hungry to establish

yourself as a tech leader and have a passion for applying your skills to solving tough

challenges related to climate change, this is for you.



Why join us?


Our client is a pre-seed stage, Washington, D.C.-based climate resilience SaaS

platform that helps utilities, governments, and corporations plan for greater

resilience to climate change and extreme weather. As the U.S. experiences

record-breaking climate-related impacts, our tool identifies vulnerabilities across our

customers' assets and footprints and empowers planners to prioritize actions that

improve resilience. By ingesting a vast amount of information that characterizes risk

from extreme weather –– including infrastructure, outage, weather, parcel, and

demographic data –– their proprietary machine learning models quantify

climate risks on a geospatial interface of customer assets. Our customers have the

ability to model thousands of scenarios to prioritize projects and activities that

maximize the protection of communities and businesses against climate threats.

Job Details

Experience with software architecture and developing tech products from the

ground up, preferably at early-stage startups

 Expertise in applying data science, machine learning, and statistical modeling

techniques to large, messy, geospatial datasets, and a history of driving

decisions in high stakes environments where careful methodology is essential.

 A product-oriented visionary comfortable scoping solutions with customers,

learning from experts in the field, and capable of balancing immediate

deliverables with longer term technology strategy.

 A passion for fighting climate change and a clear desire to make an impact on

community resilience

 Resilience and grit in the face of adversity, the ability to see challenges as

opportunities

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.

Want to learn more about this role and Jobot?

Click our Jobot logo and follow our LinkedIn page!