Dear Hiring Manager, Mill,
I am very excited to apply for the software engineering internship at Mill. After a thorough look at the job description, I realized the immense overlap between my skills and knowledge and what you are looking for in a potential intern.

To elaborate, I am currently a first year master's student at UCSD majoring in Computer science. I have had almost one year of Full Stack experience in coursework, projects, and internships. My most recent endeavor is with a stealth startup in the Bay Area, where I am tasked to develop and integrate their existing python backend to a well-designed, user-friendly website, utilizing AWS and React JS in the process. 

Further, Interning the past 2 summers, I have developed robust data structures, data analysis, and database management skills along with my strong problem-solving skills, project management, and ability to work in teams, making me an ideal candidate to become an SDE at Mill. In my previous internship at yet another startup, Makos Infotech, I developed the server-side rendering for their online campus placement website using JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL. Along with this. I also created and managed the existing relational databases using MySQL Workbench. Further, I helped model the website's user interface using Figma and Bootstrap. I enjoyed the opportunity to work on a real-world project and make a tangible impact on the company's product.

Additionally, my experience as a Data Analyst at Leadingindia.ai, researching the Covid-19 vaccine acceptance rate of the general public based on trends in the massive collection of previous H1N1 and Seasonal Flu pandemics, has polished my analytical skills even more. My team and I wrote a research paper and blog published at the IACC Conference.

I am confident that my skills and experience make me a strong candidate to be at Mill, and I am eager to grow and develop while learning from the Best-in-class teams at your company. 

Thank you for your time and consideration. I would appreciate the chance to discuss further my qualifications and how I can contribute to something that benefits the environment by reducing food waste! Please feel free to contact me at your convenience by email (jjhaveri@ucsd.edu) or by telephone (+1 858 214 9192).
 
Sincerely,
Jay Jhaveri